# Description
This is an unnecessarily precise calculator for the chance of deltarune coming out. This is built on Python, pygame-ce, and uses the time module's nanosecond precision. How precise is that? Very precise. Is this precision needed? No, only the first 7 digits are really needed for the speed that this program runs. So why would I use more digits? Yes.
# Changelog
#### V2
So, I actually <u>u</u>pdated this repository. There are a few changes made here. Most notably, the calculator was ***INACCURATE***‽‽‽ NO!!! MIKE, SUE ME FOR FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!!! I added another line of text at the bottom to **indicate the time in the Coordinated Universal Time (~~CUT~~ UTC, actually) time zone, according to the program**. After adding this, I changed my system time to the sta<u>r</u>t and end of the year. The start of the year worked fine, but I found that it reached 100% some time after the year already ended, so I redid my <u>m</u>ath to fix it. I think what happened is that I likely used Google's calculator, which rounded the results in scientific notation. As you know, we do *NOT* like <u>r</u>ounding here, so I promptly <u>g</u>ot the correct number and used that in the time math, and now both the start and end of the year lines up *perfectly*! On top of this, I have <u>a</u>dded the first interactable thing of this entire project. If you **click the Ralsei plush** in the top left, you will see the percent chance that m<u>y</u> Ralsei plush will arrive! If you are also waiting for a Q1 2026 Ralsei plush, then this calculator is also for you! After clicking it and entering "**Floofy Mode**", as I call it, the top right Ralsei plush will turn into the Delta Rune. If you **click the Delta Rune**, it will return to the normal Deltarune Now calculator, and the Delta Rune will turn back into the Ralsei plush. Additionally, this project has been assigned the **MIT License**.
#### V1
The <u>o</u>rigina<u>l</u> version of the <u>D</u>eltarune Now Chance Calculator.